{"changed":true,"filter":false,"title":"testing.md","tooltip":"/testing.md","value":"__For the Home page__\n1. As a user, when I land on a website, I am expecting a title with a logo or a photo, so I know where I am \n\t> logo with Rainer’s name and two practices which will be repeated on each page\n2. As a general website user, when I go to any website, I usually expect a navigation bar to be at the top of the page where a few menus are available to find out more\n\t> * navbar with different menu items which stay fixed on top of the page when scrolling down the page and which will appear on each page\n\t> * navbar should be a band of unified color with menu items on it\n3. As someone closed to nature, I expect a full image with green shades or flowers when I arrive on the website, so I know this is related to me\n\t> a full screen picture for home page\n4. As a person looking to heal or live better, I expect to see a question related to me and my state, which can be a call for action to know more\n\t> question overlaying on full screen image\n5. As a potential client, when I arrive on this website, I expect to see testimonials from other clients who already had therapy sessions or lessons with this practitioner\n\t> band of one testimonial at a time with a carousel (white background #fafafa with black font) with a link to About Me to know more about practitioner\n6. As generally unaware of alternative therapies, when I land on this website, I expect to have a quick intro about what is the website about\n\t> brief intro about Qigong and Amatsu with link to full pages (call to action) below the testimonials\n7. As someone interested by Qigong and want to find more, I want to find a quick link to get more information in the navbar\n\t> a direct navlink in the navbar about Qigong to bring to another page\n8. As someone looking to receive Amatsu therapy session, I want to find a quick link to get more information and book a session in the navbar\n\t> a direct navlink in the navbar about Amatsu to open another page \n9. As a usual website user, I expect a contact call for action button so I can go further and reach out to the practitioner\n\t> Contact Me button at the right side of the navbar and with a special color to attract attention\n10. As a usual website user, when I visit any website, I expect a footer with social media links to have more way to reach out to practitioner\n\t> one small band of footer with social media links\n11. As an interested user and potential follower of those practices, when I finish exploring this website, I expect to have links which can easily found at the bottom of the page in the footer so can expand my knowledge by visiting other related websites\n\t> 2 or 3 different links to other websites\n\n__About Me Page__\n1. As a potential client, when I visit a website about a practitioner:\n * I want to know more about the person and the qualifications so I know if I can relate and rely on him and his skills. \n    > About me page accessible from the navlink and the button on testimonial.\n\n * I want to find out more about his life, his journey to the two practices he is passionate about.\n \n    > The page includes a timeline of Rainer’s life\n\n    > a brief intro about his background, his other skills and how it is all related by a common passion\n\n    > a resume of his qualifications\n\n__Qigong page__\n1. As someone interested by Qigong, I want to have more general information about the practice but also the specific teaching followed by this specific practitioner. \n\t> * Qigong accessible from the navlink\n\t> * general introduction about Qigong practice\n\t> * Yuan Gong and Ren Xue movement - follow up of general intro\n\t> * a video of Qigong movement\n2. As someone looking to get healed or eager to improve his well-being, I do not know Qigong so a brief intro would be helpful on the Homepage. And when I come to the specific page of Qigong, expecting to have basic steps of Qigong to follow so I can start my journey\n\t> * Button to find more about Qigong in the brief intro of the homepage\n\t> * one easy exercise to follow and start Qigong journey\n\t> * a video of Qigong movement\n\n__Amatsu page__\n1. As someone interested by Amatsu, when I come to this website, I expect to find more general information about the therapy and more importantly how to book a session with the practitioner\n \t> * Amatsu directly accessible from the navbar as a menu item\n\t> * simple timetable of practitioner (to be implemented at a later stage)\n\t> * in the Amatsu page, I can “book a session” by filling a simple form\n2. As someone looking to get treated for a specific pain but I do not know what is Amatsu, a brief intro would be helpful on the Homepage. And when I come to the specific page of Amatsu, expecting to have more information about how the practitioner shows his skills and maybe to explain how a session happens + I can book a session directly on the page\n\t> * Button to find more about Amatsu in the brief intro of the homepage\n\t> * photo of practitioner giving Amatsu treatment next to brief explanation of a session timeline\n\t> * in the Amatsu page, I can “book a session” by filling a simple form","undoManager":{"mark":-2,"position":0,"stack":[[{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":57,"column":72},"action":"insert","lines":["__For the Home page__","1. As a user, when I land on a website, I am expecting a title with a logo or a photo, so I know where I am ","\t> logo with Rainer’s name and two practices which will be repeated on each page","2. As a general website user, when I go to any website, I usually expect a navigation bar to be at the top of the page where a few menus are available to find out more","\t> * navbar with different menu items which stay fixed on top of the page when scrolling down the page and which will appear on each page","\t> * navbar should be a band of unified color with menu items on it","3. As someone closed to nature, I expect a full image with green shades or flowers when I arrive on the website, so I know this is related to me","\t> a full screen picture for home page","4. As a person looking to heal or live better, I expect to see a question related to me and my state, which can be a call for action to know more","\t> question overlaying on full screen image","5. As a potential client, when I arrive on this website, I expect to see testimonials from other clients who already had therapy sessions or lessons with this practitioner","\t> band of one testimonial at a time with a carousel (white background #fafafa with black font) with a link to About Me to know more about practitioner","6. As generally unaware of alternative therapies, when I land on this website, I expect to have a quick intro about what is the website about","\t> brief intro about Qigong and Amatsu with link to full pages (call to action) below the testimonials","7. As someone interested by Qigong and want to find more, I want to find a quick link to get more information in the navbar","\t> a direct navlink in the navbar about Qigong to bring to another page","8. As someone looking to receive Amatsu therapy session, I want to find a quick link to get more information and book a session in the navbar","\t> a direct navlink in the navbar about Amatsu to open another page ","9. As a usual website user, I expect a contact call for action button so I can go further and reach out to the practitioner","\t> Contact Me button at the right side of the navbar and with a special color to attract attention","10. As a usual website user, when I visit any website, I expect a footer with social media links to have more way to reach out to practitioner","\t> one small band of footer with social media links","11. As an interested user and potential follower of those practices, when I finish exploring this website, I expect to have links which can easily found at the bottom of the page in the footer so can expand my knowledge by visiting other related websites","\t> 2 or 3 different links to other websites","","__About Me Page__","1. As a potential client, when I visit a website about a practitioner:"," * I want to know more about the person and the qualifications so I know if I can relate and rely on him and his skills. ","    > About me page accessible from the navlink and the button on testimonial.",""," * I want to find out more about his life, his journey to the two practices he is passionate about."," ","    > The page includes a timeline of Rainer’s life","","    > a brief intro about his background, his other skills and how it is all related by a common passion","","    > a resume of his qualifications","","__Qigong page__","1. As someone interested by Qigong, I want to have more general information about the practice but also the specific teaching followed by this specific practitioner. ","\t> * Qigong accessible from the navlink","\t> * general introduction about Qigong practice","\t> * Yuan Gong and Ren Xue movement - follow up of general intro","\t> * a video of Qigong movement","2. As someone looking to get healed or eager to improve his well-being, I do not know Qigong so a brief intro would be helpful on the Homepage. And when I come to the specific page of Qigong, expecting to have basic steps of Qigong to follow so I can start my journey","\t> * Button to find more about Qigong in the brief intro of the homepage","\t> * one easy exercise to follow and start Qigong journey","\t> * a video of Qigong movement","","__Amatsu page__","1. As someone interested by Amatsu, when I come to this website, I expect to find more general information about the therapy and more importantly how to book a session with the practitioner"," \t> * Amatsu directly accessible from the navbar as a menu item","\t> * simple timetable of practitioner (to be implemented at a later stage)","\t> * in the Amatsu page, I can “book a session” by filling a simple form","2. As someone looking to get treated for a specific pain but I do not know what is Amatsu, a brief intro would be helpful on the Homepage. And when I come to the specific page of Amatsu, expecting to have more information about how the practitioner shows his skills and maybe to explain how a session happens + I can book a session directly on the page","\t> * Button to find more about Amatsu in the brief intro of the homepage","\t> * photo of practitioner giving Amatsu treatment next to brief explanation of a session timeline","\t> * in the Amatsu page, I can “book a session” by filling a simple form"],"id":1}]]},"ace":{"folds":[],"scrolltop":0,"scrollleft":0,"selection":{"start":{"row":57,"column":72},"end":{"row":57,"column":72},"isBackwards":false},"options":{"guessTabSize":true,"useWrapMode":false,"wrapToView":true},"firstLineState":{"row":81,"mode":"ace/mode/markdown"}},"timestamp":1565294291912}